[DOCS]  Document Batches and Partitioners Functionality for GX Cloud (#9052)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/cloud/data_assets/manage_data_assets.md

    - **Role**: Enter your Snowflake role.

6. Optional. Make the following changes:

    - Clear **Create temp table** if you don't want to create a temporary database table. Temporary database tables store data temporarily and can improve performance by making queries run faster.

>     - Select **Test connection** if you don't want to test the Data Asset connection. Testing the connection to the Data Asset is a preventative measure that makes sure the connection configuration is correct. This verification can help you avoid errors and can reduce troubleshooting downtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Select **Test connection** if you want to test the Data Asset connection. Testing the connection to the Data Asset is a preventative measure that makes sure the connection configuration is correct. This verification can help you avoid errors and can reduce troubleshooting downtime.
```
Shouldn't they be selecting **Test connection** if they do want to test the Data Asset connection, or leave it unselected it if they do not?

7. Click **Continue**.

8. Select **Table Asset** or **Query Asset** and complete the following fields:

    - **Table name**: When **Table Asset** is selected, enter a name for the table you're creating in the Data Asset.
    

>     - **Data Asset name**: Enter a name for the Data Asset. Data Asset names must be unique. If you use the same name for multiple Data Assets, each Data Asset must be associated with a unique Data Source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Data Asset name**: Enter a name for the Data Asset. If you use the same name for multiple Data Assets, each Data Asset must be associated with a unique Data Source.
```
The sentence about Data Asset names needing to be unique is contradicted by the sentence immediately following it.  I think we can cut it out, as the second sentence conveys the point more accurately.

    - **Query**: When **Query Asset** is selected, enter the query that you want to run on the table. 

> 9. Select the **Complete Asset** tab to create Expectations and run validations on the entire Data Asset, or select the **Batches** tab to create Expectations and run validations on subsets of Data Asset records and then complete the following fields:

Reviewer: I think this should be reworded.  They aren't creating Expectations or running validations from either of these tabs, they're determining how the records in the Data Asset will be organized.
```suggestion
9. Select the **Complete Asset** tab to provide all Data Asset records to your Expectations and validations, or select the **Batches** tab to use subsets of Data Asset records for your Expectations and validations. If you selected the **Batches** tab, complete the following fields:
```
